docs/HARDHAT_IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Hardhat Blockchain Implementation - Summary

## ✅ Implementation Complete

The Hardhat blockchain integration has been successfully implemented, replacing the mock implementation with actual blockchain functionality.

## What Was Implemented

### 1. Core Integration (`utils/blockchain/register-poc.ts`)

- **ethers.js v6 Integration**: Using modern ethers.js library
- **Contract Interaction**: Full POCRegistry contract integration
- **Transaction Handling**: Sends transactions and waits for confirmation
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error handling with detailed messages
- **Verification**: Transaction verification function implemented

### 2. Contract ABI (`utils/blockchain/POCRegistry.abi.json`)

- Complete ABI exported from POCRegistry contract
- Includes all functions and events
- Ready for contract interaction

### 3. Webhook Integration Updated (`app/webhook/stripe/route.ts`)

- Updated to pass `qualified_epoch` in metadata
- Proper integration with blockchain registration flow

### 4. Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md`
- Comprehensive environment variable documentation
- Deployment instructions
- Troubleshooting guide

## Key Features

1. **Real Blockchain Transactions**: Actual transactions sent to Hardhat network
2. **Transaction Confirmation**: Waits for block confirmation before returning
3. **Error Handling**: Detailed error messages for common issues
4. **Gas Management**: Configurable gas limits
5. **Address Derivation**: Email-based address derivation (placeholder approach)

## Required Environment Variables

Add these to Vercel environment variables:

```env
HARDHAT_RPC_URL=http://localhost:8545
POC_REGISTRY_ADDRESS=0x...
BLOCKCHAIN_PRIVATE_KEY=0x...
```

See `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md` for detailed setup instructions.

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy Contract**: Deploy POCRegistry contract to your Hardhat network
2. **Set Environment Variables**: Configure the three required env vars
3. **Test Integration**: Test with a real Stripe payment
4. **Monitor**: Monitor transaction success rates and gas usage

## Dependencies Added

- `ethers@^6.0.0` - Ethereum library for blockchain interaction

## Files Modified

- `utils/blockchain/register-poc.ts` - Full implementation
- `app/webhook/stripe/route.ts` - Updated to pass qualified_epoch
- `utils/blockchain/POCRegistry.abi.json` - Contract ABI (new file)
- `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md` - Setup documentation (new file)

## Testing

To test locally:

1. Start Hardhat node: `npx hardhat node`
2. Deploy contract: `npx hardhat deploy --network localhost`
3. Set environment variables in `.env.local`
4. Test PoC registration via Stripe webhook

## Notes

- Contributor addresses are currently derived from email (deterministic hash)
- Future improvement: Allow users to connect wallets for real addresses
- Allocated amount defaults to 0 (can be updated via contract later)
- First metal from array is used (contract takes single string)

Commit message:

feat: Base mainnet migration Phase 1 + LLM metadata capture
- Base Mainnet Migration (Phase 1 Complete):
  * Updated Hardhat config for Base mainnet (Solidity 0.8.24, Chain ID 8453)
  * Created Genesis contract ABIs (SYNTH90T, LensKernel)
  * Implemented Base mainnet integration code
  * Added Base Sepolia testnet support
  * Created comprehensive migration documentation
  * Updated environment variables for Base networks
  * Added Vercel environment variable setup script
  * Created Base Sepolia test endpoint (/api/test/base-sepolia)

- LLM Metadata Capture:
  * Added LLM metadata capture for all PoC evaluations
  * Captures: timestamp, date, model, version, system prompt
  * Preserves metadata through registration process
  * Added documentation for LLM metadata capture

- Documentation Updates:
  * Updated README with pre-migration report
  * Deprecated Hardhat documentation (marked as deprecated)
  * Created Base mainnet migration plan and summary
  * Added Base Sepolia testing plan
  * Created GitHub best practices structure (issue/PR templates)

- Dashboard Updates:
  * Updated status from 'Deployment in process' to 'Base Testnet Live'
  * Changed status indicators to green (live status)

- Repository Organization:
  * Added GitHub issue templates
  * Added pull request template
  * Added contributing guidelines
  * Organized documentation structure

docs/HARDHAT_IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md, after:

# Hardhat Blockchain Implementation - Summary

> ⚠️ **DEPRECATED**: This document describes the old Hardhat implementation. The dashboard has been migrated to **Base Mainnet/Testnet**.  
> **See**: [`docs/BASE_MAINNET_MIGRATION_SUMMARY.md`](BASE_MAINNET_MIGRATION_SUMMARY.md) for current migration status.

## ✅ Implementation Complete (Historical)

The Hardhat blockchain integration has been successfully implemented, replacing the mock implementation with actual blockchain functionality.

**Note**: This implementation has been superseded by Base mainnet integration.

## What Was Implemented

### 1. Core Integration (`utils/blockchain/register-poc.ts`)

- **ethers.js v6 Integration**: Using modern ethers.js library
- **Contract Interaction**: Full POCRegistry contract integration
- **Transaction Handling**: Sends transactions and waits for confirmation
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error handling with detailed messages
- **Verification**: Transaction verification function implemented

### 2. Contract ABI (`utils/blockchain/POCRegistry.abi.json`)

- Complete ABI exported from POCRegistry contract
- Includes all functions and events
- Ready for contract interaction

### 3. Webhook Integration Updated (`app/webhook/stripe/route.ts`)

- Updated to pass `qualified_epoch` in metadata
- Proper integration with blockchain registration flow

### 4. Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md`
- Comprehensive environment variable documentation
- Deployment instructions
- Troubleshooting guide

## Key Features

1. **Real Blockchain Transactions**: Actual transactions sent to Hardhat network
2. **Transaction Confirmation**: Waits for block confirmation before returning
3. **Error Handling**: Detailed error messages for common issues
4. **Gas Management**: Configurable gas limits
5. **Address Derivation**: Email-based address derivation (placeholder approach)

## Required Environment Variables

Add these to Vercel environment variables:

```env
HARDHAT_RPC_URL=http://localhost:8545
POC_REGISTRY_ADDRESS=0x...
BLOCKCHAIN_PRIVATE_KEY=0x...
```

See `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md` for detailed setup instructions.

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy Contract**: Deploy POCRegistry contract to your Hardhat network
2. **Set Environment Variables**: Configure the three required env vars
3. **Test Integration**: Test with a real Stripe payment
4. **Monitor**: Monitor transaction success rates and gas usage

## Dependencies Added

- `ethers@^6.0.0` - Ethereum library for blockchain interaction

## Files Modified

- `utils/blockchain/register-poc.ts` - Full implementation
- `app/webhook/stripe/route.ts` - Updated to pass qualified_epoch
- `utils/blockchain/POCRegistry.abi.json` - Contract ABI (new file)
- `docs/HARDHAT_BLOCKCHAIN_SETUP.md` - Setup documentation (new file)

## Testing

To test locally:

1. Start Hardhat node: `npx hardhat node`
2. Deploy contract: `npx hardhat deploy --network localhost`
3. Set environment variables in `.env.local`
4. Test PoC registration via Stripe webhook

## Notes

- Contributor addresses are currently derived from email (deterministic hash)
- Future improvement: Allow users to connect wallets for real addresses
- Allocated amount defaults to 0 (can be updated via contract later)
- First metal from array is used (contract takes single string)
